#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.6
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via tensorflow
astor==0.8.1
    # via tensorflow
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses==0.8
    # via werkzeug
gast==0.5.3
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.42.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   keras-applications
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via markdown
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
keras-applications==1.0.8
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   keras-applications
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pandas==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==8.4.0
    # via matplotlib
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via keras
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.5.4
    # via
    #   keras
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   grpcio
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==1.12.2
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via importlib-metadata
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-metadata
